---
date: 2025-08-13
excluded: true
layout: 'story'
tags: ['writing', 'story', 'storytelling']
title: 'Untitled Story Number 10'
---

It was the most exclusive restaurant in the city on a Saturday night. Only the most exclusive of people could dine here, never mind how much money they had.

He beckoned and said, “Server!” A server promptly came to his call. “Good evening, sir. How may I be of your service?” He said. “Do you know who I am?” The diner said. “Of course, sir.” The server replied. “Well, I don’t think you do.” The diner said. “I beg your pardon, sir.” The confused server said. “The soup. There’s a problem with my soup.” The diner said. “I apologize for the inconvenience, sir. I’ll personally ask the chef to make you another one.” The server said while stretching to take the diner’s soup. The diner grabbed the server’s wrist and stopped his attempt to take his bowl away. “Is there a problem, sir?” The server asked. “I don’t want another soup.” The diner said, “I want you to explain to me why did they bring me this soup.” The diner continued. “Is not that what you ordered, sir?” The server said. “It is what I ordered. It’s not that my order got mixed up. And still, there’s a problem with my soup.” The diner said.  “I apologize, sir. What might be the problem?” The server asked. “Why don’t you take a look for yourself?” The diner said. The server leaned forward, getting his face close to the bowl. “My apologies, sir. But I fail to see what the problem is.” The diner banged his fist on the table and said, “For god’s sake. There’s a fly in my soup. It’s right there!” “Splendid joke, sir. Now, if you allow me, I have other matters to attend to.” The server said. He started to walk away when the diner grabbed him by the wrist, “I’m not done with you.” The diner said. Other diners gasped at the scene, and some got on their foot. “I suggest you let me go, sir. You’re hurting me.” The server said. “There is a fly in my soup.” The diner said. “I am very sorry, sir. But I fail to see such a thing.” The server replied.

The scene caught not only the attention of other diners, who looked disgusted at such a display, but also that of other restaurant employees, who decided to call for the manager.

“Is there a problem here?” Said the manager. “Do you know who I am?” Asked the diner. “Of course, sir. I’m well aware.” The manager replied. “Good. I was just telling your boy Jean here of a little problem with the soup.” The diner said. “And what may that problem be, sir?” Asked the manager. “See for yourself. There’s a fly in it.” The diner replied. “I beg your pardon, sir.” The manager said. “The soup. There’s a fly in my soup.” The diner said. “Splendid, sir. I was not aware of your great sense of humor.” The manager said. “Look, pal, I am not joking here. See for yourself.” The diner said. The manager leaned forward, getting his face close to the bowl, looked attentively for a second, “I am very sorry, sir, but I fail to see any kind of insect here.” He said. “Sonuva… It’s right there!” The diner said. “Sir, I suggest you calm down. We will get another soup if this one is not to your liking.” The manager said. “Oh, fuck you.” The diner said. “I beg your pardon.” The manager said. “I want to speak to the chef who made this soup.” The diner said. The manager and server looked at each other, “Now!” The diner added.

The manager called the chef, and he promptly arrived at the scene. “Do you know who I am?” Asked the diner. The chef looked at him from top to bottom and paused for a second, “Are you on TV?” He asked. “I am not.” The diner replied. “Then I don’t know you.” The chef said. The manager placed his hand across his face while shaking his head. “Look, Billy. You see your soup in there? There’s a fucking fly in it!” The diner said. “Um.” Said the chef. “Um? What is that supposed to mean? Are you trying to poison me?” The diner said. The chef did not answer but walked towards the table, took a quick look at the soup, and, while turning his head to the diner, said, “Sir. This is a raisin.” The diner, looking puzzled, stood there without words until he finally said, “And why is there a raisin in my soup!?”

<p style="text-align:right">THE END.</p>