---
date: 2025-08-12
excluded: true
layout: 'story'
tags: ['writing', 'story', 'storytelling']
title: 'Untitled Story Number 9'
---

I could not believe it was really happening. I spent years, and years, dreaming of this moment. It could never happen to me, I thought a million times, and yet, there was I. It all happened during the summer of 2014, an ancient age, it now seems like. I was starting my first year of community college. I was an awkward kid; tall and skinny, big ears, acne, and at the age of twenty-one, I was still a virgin, which I guess is not how you call men that have never had sex. Whatever the term, I was that. The idea of that changing anytime soon was not part of even my wildest dreams. I was invisible in high school, and I got used to the idea of being invisible in college.

As an engineering student, I didn’t get to meet many girls (yeah, right, blame it on your career choice); most of my classes were packed to the brim with testosterone, enough to make me uncomfortable. Most guys were everything I wanted to be, not only tall, but handsome, muscular, and best of all, without acne. Heck, at times I started questioning my own sexuality, these guys were that handsome, I’m telling you!

One day, and for a chance I decided to enroll in an opt-in psychology class, I thought no harm could come out it, besides, I wasn’t doing too good in my engineering classes, too much math! I was never that smart to being with. Might as well start considering other avenues in case plan A was a total failure.

The first time I entered the psychology class my pupils dilated so big, that they could explode at any given second. It was packed with girls! To more ridiculously good-looking guys to make me insecure, I thought at the time, for a second I even forgot I was even worse around girls. I was about to become a clumsy, stuttering, sweaty, mess of a guy, but I’ll be dammed if I cared.

I got there early, and most seats were available. I walked all the way to the back of the classroom, where all the misfits and social outcasts usually hang out, and sat there, better not to stand out. About ten minutes before the class started, she entered the classroom. Tall as a supermodel, big round black eyes, long hair as black as night, and beautiful, smooth, dark chocolate skin. You could call me Pavlov’s little dog ‘cause when I heard that bell I started salivating all right. She exuded confidence; it was as if time stopped as she walked into the room. I will never forget that day.

She was what every other girl ever wanted to be, beautiful, smart, and confidence. She was polite and always wore a smile. She was a dream… And totally out of my league.

There’s no law that says that a skinny, big eared, acne stricken, young man can’t fall in love with a beautiful goddess made woman, but being realist, I was already fighting a lost battle. I told myself back then.

I kept attending that psychology class, and although I spent most of my time fantasizing about how many kids we were going to have after marriage, I liked the class, it was fun, and I was good at it.

I could never forget the day I got to talk to her for the first time. It was a Saturday. I had to get up to speed with my engineering classes, so I spent all day in the library. I was so absorbed by my task that it got dark before I realized it. I remember looking at my G-Shock and getting startled, 8:12 PM already? I'd better go home and eat some instant noodles. While making my way out of campus, I could only think of how bad things were going in my engineering classes. If I weren’t able to turn it around, and fast, I would start failing them, and maybe even get expelled. Getting expelled from community college would be a new low, even for me. Drowned by my thoughts, I could barely hear when someone asked me, “Excuse me, aren’t you Matt, from Psychology 101 class?” Yeah, how may I help you? That was my disinterested response before turning my head to the person asking. But when I did turn it, there she was, smiling, as angelical as ever. Holy shit! I thought. Hi, I said. What are you doing here on a Saturday night? I asked. She told me she had a couple of classes earlier, and theater practice later, after that she stopped by the cafeteria and did some reading before heading home. She was so studious, I could listen to her talk for hours, and what’s more, we were having a normal conversation! Wasn’t that great? I talked to a beautiful girl. I did it!

When we reached the campus exit, she asked me if I could walk her to the bus stop, hell yeah! I thought. It’ll be my pleasure, I said. While walking, she said, “You know, at first I thought you were a bit awkward, but you’re a fine man.” You know, if I weren’t a bit awkward, I’d be a playboy; god had to give me something to overcome. I remember saying, but chances are I said something way less cool. Whatever the case, she laughed. “You’re funny.” She said. “I like funny.” She added after pausing for a second. We kept chatting until we reached the bus stop. I told her to call me if she ever was on campus and needed someone to walk her again, I lived nearby, so it was no problem. I actually didn’t live nearby at all, but I told her this irregardless. We exchanged phone numbers, waved at each other, and I left.

From that day on she would always wave at me when entering the classroom. The first time it happened people turned to look at me. It was embarrassing, but I liked it. She knew I existed, it wasn’t a dream, she really knew I existed.

We kept bumping into each other on campus on Saturdays, merely by coincidence, not because I started going to college every single Saturday. And sometimes we’d even exchange text messages. It was like a dream come true, except for one thing: we were only friends, and the semester was coming to an end. I didn’t have guarantee of even seeing her again after the semester ended, so whatever my move was gonna be, I better pulled it off quickly, or I might not get another chance.

For a minute I forgot the awkward young man that I was, but quickly got back to my old ways. Days passed, then weeks, the end of semester was upon us and I hadn’t make my move, in fact, I didn’t get to do it, we stayed friends until the very last day of the semester.

That day I saw her too, we chatted, walked together, and laughed, as always. You know, I’m gonna miss this. I’m gonna miss you. I said to her. It was maybe the first time that I was sincere with her and my feelings. She turned to me and said, “Well, you don’t have to.” Then leaned into my left ear and sensually whispered, “I want you.” Time stopped for a moment. It was just me and her in the whole universe. I was shaking. Is this really happening? I thought. “Come to my house before 10:00 PM and bring a pack of condoms. I’ll be alone until then, but you have to hurry. I’ll text you the address.” She said, before leaving. Oh, my god, it was happening! It was real. Everything worked out in the end for the town fool, somehow. I looked at my G-Shock; it was 8:23 PM. I had no time to lose. My cellphone buzzed; it was a text message from her. It contained her address. It also said XOXO at the bottom. I have to leave for there now if I wanna make it in time, but first I need to buy some condoms.

I went to the closest pharmacy. It was 8:37 PM. The place was packed with grandmas trying to get their prescriptions, moms carrying their sick children in arms, and middle-aged men. I got in line and waited for my turn while tapping my foot. At 8:45 PM, I was finally at the front of the line. I could see the condoms just over the counter: Trojan, Durex, Drywell; they were all there, and it was beautiful. All I had to do was say “I want a pack of condoms,” when asked “How can I help you, sir?” and my dreams would come true. But I froze, I couldn’t do it, I don’t want to talk about condoms to a stranger, and certainly not in front of all the grandmas! Can I have a pack of bubblegum? I said. And ran out of there with my tail between my legs. It was 8:48. My phone buzzed. It was a text from her: “already home, waiting for u bb. XOXO.” Damn. I sent her a message myself, “I’m OMW, couldn’t find any condoms tho.” My phone buzzed soon after pressing send. “Do not come here without condoms.” Read her message, no “XOXO”, I knew she was serious, she always was, so I better find some condoms, and fast, it was already 8:51, the clock was literally ticking.

I walked around looking for other pharmacies. It was 8:59 when I finally found one, I pushed the glass door and I felt how it pushed me back, I could see someone behind the counter from outside, I signaled her to leave me enter, she pointed to a sign that said “Open from 8:00 AM to 9:00 PM.”, “It’s only 8:59 PM,” I shouted, as the clock on the wall hanging over her head changed to 9:00 PM. She looked at me, smiled, and shrugged. I cursed, but there was nothing I could do. I kept looking around, asking people where I could find a pharmacy, but wherever they could point me out was already closed. I kept walking. I watched my G-Shock; it was 9:18. I started running, but still no luck. I couldn’t find an open pharmacy for the life of me, even after walking a couple of blocks. It was 9:38, time has almost run out by that point, I was tired, sweaty, I had blisters all over my feet, but I could still make it, if I just could find a damn pack of condoms, I didn’t even want to have sex anymore, even a kiss from her would make all my pains worth it, but I cannot show at her doorstep without the condoms, I would feel like I failed her if I did. Suddenly, I thought of it, my last hope, the first pharmacy I showed up to, the sign in there said “Open from 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM.” If only I could make it there in time… It was 9:42 already, so I ran. I ran one block. Two blocks. Three blocks. I could feel my armpits wet, soaking my shirt, and the sweat dripping from my forehead, but I made it in time; it was still open. I quickly entered, and the security guard, who was sitting
 by the door, stood up and started walking towards me, “Sir, we are about to close, we are not accepting new customers.” He said, “It will only be a minute.” I said to him while walking to the counter, “Sir, you have to leave. Now.” He said again with a firm voice. “I will only be a minute, please. Could you give me a pack of condoms? Those yellow ones over there. I’ll pay in cash. Take the change. Please… Please,” I said while turning from the security guard to the lady behind the counter. The security guard stood there, saying nothing. The lady behind the counter stood there with a confused look on her face, but after a second, she took a yellow box of Durex condoms and gave it to me. I had put some cash on the counter, I don’t know how much, but apparently it was more than enough. I exited the pharmacy, took out my phone, and texted her, “I have the condoms.” She replied almost immediately. “Good, then fuck yourself.” It was 10:07 PM.

I sat on the curb in front of the pharmacy with my head between my legs while the employees closed for the day. It was over. I blew my only chance. A hand suddenly rested on my right shoulder, “Don’t worry, kid, sooner or later you’ll have your chance. Everyone does.” I raised my head to see who that was. It was the security guard. I smiled, he smiled back, and then left. I slipped the box of condoms into my pocket and found something else there, it was the pack of bubble gum. I took a piece of gum and ate it. My tears made it taste salty.

<p style="text-align:right">THE END.</p>